Welcome to journal exercise number 14,
Creating Your Slides.
If you want, please download it and use any
of the presentation slides that we've already discussed
in the course, you know, when you work
on completing this exercise, which again,
is exercise number 14 in your success journal.
What I mean by this, is you can download any
of the presentations in the resources section
of this course that we've already discussed
in previous lectures.
Then, if you want, you can customize
and change the presentation
that you downloaded for the course.
And so my goal is always to help you work smarter
and not harder and give you a menu of options.
If you don't want to download a presentation
from this course, then use the templates provided
in whatever presentation software
or internet presentation program that you want to use.
All of the major presentation products
have templates that you can use.
And for more examples on how we created presentations
and images and other content using mini presentation
and image video and animation products,
please watch the lectures, in act four,
scenes one, two, and three.
In addition, please watch some of the case studies
from the current section, okay, our current scene,
I should say, which is act four scene four.
And do this if you want to use slides based
on the presentations that I've already created
and attached for you.
Again, my job is to expose you
to many different presentation options and it's really
to help you to work smarter and not harder.
Okay, so here's how we're going to do
and complete this exercise which is exercise 14.
Please open up your success journal
and turn to exercise number 12, not 14 yet.
Please open up exercise 12.
So what we're going to do, is we're going to use
the content that you created in exercise number 12,
and use that to help create our slides.
Okay, and, I'm going to call each step in the process
Step A, B, C, and step D, okay?
This will make sense in a second.
So please make sure that you've completed exercise number 12
before completing this exercise which is exercise 14.
Thanks, okay.
Step A, if you want to put a title on your slide,
you have the option of copying and pasting the title
from journal exercise number 12 in step number one.
Please look at this image here.
Copy the presentation title onto your first slide.
If you want to create a title from scratch,
you can always revisit exercise number 10.
Okay, let's move on to Step B.
In exercise number 12 in your journal,
please look at step number two for this image here.
If you need help with the content of this step,
you can always revisit exercise number four.
Now, in this current step, which again is Step B,
you have the option to create a slide or two or three,
based on how you're going to start your presentation.
For example, you could put a quote on a slide
or an image, et cetera.
And, if you need help with this,
you can even watch act three scene one again,
which explains how to start your presentation.
Please make sure not to put too many words on each slide.
And don't worry as we're going to discuss
how to prepare for your speech in a lot of detail
in act eight of this course.
Okay, we're done with Step B.
Let's move on to Step C.
In exercise number 12 in your journal,
please look at step three for this image here.
If you need help creating the middle content
of your presentation, meaning the stuff in between
the start and the end of your speech,
then please revisit exercise number seven
and watch act three scene two,
which covers adding content in a lot of detail.
So, for this current step, which again is Step C,
please make one slide for each content line
from your final table
that you created in exercise number 12.
I'm going to read that again.
So for this current step, which again is Step C,
please make one slide for each content line
from your final table
that you created in exercise 12.
And just, please make sure
that you don't use too many words at all, okay?
Less is more.
If possible, use a picture instead of words or both, okay?
And if you need to create animations
or add more advanced options to explain a complex topic,
you can always watch any of the lectures in act four
to help you with this.
Okay, we're done with Step C.
Let's move on to Step D, okay?
In exercise number 12, in your journal,
please look at step number four for this image.
If you need help with the content of this step,
you can always revisit exercise number nine.
Now, in this step, which again, is Step D,
you have the option of creating a slide or two or three
based on how you're going to end your presentation.
For example, you could put a quote on a slide
or an image, et cetera, okay?
Or something kind of cool and inspirational.
And, if you need help with this, you could even watch
act three scene three again,
which explains how to end your presentation.
Please have fun creating your slide,
and remember to use a few, but not necessarily all,
of the PIMCO slide creation concepts
that we discussed in act four, okay?
We did that in scene one of act four.
So, PIMCO stands for pictures, inspiration,
minimalism, consistency, and O for original, okay?
Okay, so try to include at least two of those PIMCO things
or items in your slides, okay?
Okay, so I included instructions
on how to complete this exercise in your success journal
in exercise number fourteen, in case you want
to review the instructions for this exercise
that I just explained to you.
And, as you complete the exercise,
please don't think much about your delivery
or preparing your delivery as we'll discuss these topics
in acts number six and eight respectively.
So, thank you, and congratulations
on completing act number four.